adding a reference to the public challenge repo and updating the gene… (#96)
bsidestlv/2020.bsidestlv.com: content/CTF/_index.md

draft: false
---

> You can find all details for the 2020 CTF below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find all details for the previous CTFs below
```
